Update Regression_Test_Plan_Minor_Release.md (#778)
owncloud/QA: Desktop/Regression_Test_Plan_Minor_Release.md

7 | If you share a folder with another user, and then rename the folder on the Desktop does not change the name| 1. Install the new version with 2 accounts (user1, user2) 2. Go to Server Client with user1 3. Create a new folder (e.g. Share with) 4. Click on Share, and share with user2 5. Go to  Desktop Client with user2 6. Wait sync 7. Go to Server client with user1 8. Rename the Folder (Share with) to (Share with user2" 9. Go to Desktop client with user2 11. Wait sync | The folder name has not change. The shared folder is actually a virtual mount point for all recipients, so renaming it doesn't affect all recipients. Only the contents of it will be visible for anyone. Works as expected| :construction:  | |

### 8. Spaces and permissions

TestID | Test Case | Steps to reprouce| Expected Result | Result | Related Comment
------------ | ------------- | -------------- | ----- | ------ | ------
1 | Viewer can view files in Space | 1. Add a space as a user with Viewer permissions 2. Open a file from the space | The file has been opened | | |

> 2 | Viewer cannot edit files in Space | 1. Make changes in a file 2. Save | Not allowed | | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 | Viewer cannot edit files in Space | 1. Add a space as a user with Viewer permissions  2. Make changes in a file 3. Save the file | Changes are not synced | | |
```
